Fix failure of `terraform init` running under the examples/cluster_resource (#89)
EnterpriseDB/terraform-provider-biganimal: README.md

```hcl
provider_installation {

>   # For all other providers, install them directly from their origin provider
>   # registries as normal. If you omit this, Terraform will _only_ use
>   # the dev_overrides block, and so no other providers will be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # For all other providers, install them directly from their origin provider
  # registries as normal. Until terraform-provider-biganimal is registered 
  # in the terraform registry, we can use a filesystem_mirror.
```

Author: thanks! @serdardalgic , it's something I forgot to change
